# HauntedHotel
Our game consists of a player gathering keys to escape the haunted hotel. In order to gather these keys, the player will complete various tasks in 3 thrilling timed levels with a limited number of lives. The player will be given 3 lives at the beginning of the game, and there will be obstacles at each level that may cause the player to lose a life. The player must complete all the levels within the time limit without losing all of their lives to escape the haunted hotel.

In the first level, the player is tasked with collecting objects to clean up a mysterious bloody mess on the bathroom floor. They will need to obtain 3 items, a mop, cleaning solution, and a bucket. These items will go into the player’s inventory. After collecting all the items, the player obtains a key and can then travel to the next room through a door to clean the mess. After cleaning up the mess, the player obtains another key to move to the next level.

In the second level, the player will need to solve some math problems to avoid drinking the poisoned drinks. There will be several sets of bottles placed in various places on the map. At each location, there will be several drinks presented on a table, where all but one are poisoned. If the player drinks a poisoned drink, their number of lives will be reduced. After successfully finding the unpoisoned drink in each set, the player can then obtain the key to move to the final level.

In the final level the player has to navigate a maze to escape the hotel. Within the maze will be several goblin enemies roaming around. Colliding with an enemy will make the path smokey and hard to see. There will also be power pickups and other haunted surprises. The game is completed when the player finds the exit to the maze.
